MC-330 - Recorded Future - Lookup Domain - Improve Input Handling (#816)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: recorded_future/help.md

# Version History

> * 4.0.3 - Update Lookup Domain action to handle `http://` and `https://` prefix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4.0.3 - Update Lookup Domain action to accept HTTP and HTTPS URLs as input
```
